here's what's going on at the movies
blasting into theaters is the sci-fi
action film Star Trek beyond which finds
the crew stranded and battling a
ruthless enemy experienced Star Trek
beyond in IMAX 3d let's make some noise
Mannie Sid Diego and the rest of the
gang are back and embarking on a
hilarious new adventure in the animated
family film ice age collision course
this is the guy who's going to save us
based on a viral short film lights out
tells the terrifying tale of a woman
haunted by a supernatural entity that
only appears when the lights go out and
finally let's find out what's hot in
theaters this weekend with this week's
fan tissa patient
so what's your weekend ticket going to
be let us know in the comments below
we'll see you next time on weekend
ticket